START HERE.md, before:

Material for this workbook is taken from a booklet authored by Donald Young and Benard Nolan.  

Obsidian is an app and an editor that uses a markdown language and produces documents that can be read on the internet.  Obsidian also uses links which makes it easy to navigate through the many individual files in the workbook.  Having this end of life document on the computer helps one enter the data, search specific data and update the data as life changes.

Note: I do not recommend that passwords be shown in this workbook because they can be read by anyone with access to this workbook.  Only the location of the password list should be given to the heirs or to the executor.

Here is the original front cover of the Young and Nolan "If I Should Die Before I Wake" workbook:
[[Book Cover.jpg]]

And here is the authors second page of the workshop:
[[Facing End of Life Issues.jpg]]


Here are the authors Table of Contents:
(Note: The Obsidian workbook uses Part numbers instead or Roman Numerals)
[[Table of Contents Page 1.jpg]]
[[Table of Contents Page 2.jpg]]

Here is the author's Introduction:
[[Introduction.jpg]]

[[Part 1 Before I Sleep]]
[[Part 2 Notifications at My Death]]
[[Part 3 Final Funeral or Memorial Service]]
[[Part 4 Other People or Organizations to Notify]]
[[Part 5 Important Documents]]
[[Part 6 Insurance]]
[[Part 7 Bank Accounts and Financial Holdings]]
[[Part 8 Real Property]]
[[Part 9 Personal Property]]
[[Part 10  Passwords, Pins, User IDs, and Keys]]
[[Part 11 Files, Photos, and Family]]
[[Part 12 Income and Expenses]]
[[Part 13  Business Relationships]]
[[Part 14  Survivable Relationships]]
[[Part 15  Borrowed Materials]]
[[Part 16  Things Left Unsaid]]
[[Appendix 1 Overview of Obsidian]]
[[Appendix 2  How to Use a Template File to Create Data Files]]

Commit message:

some edits and added Transcription of Introduction

START HERE.md, after:

Material for this workbook is taken from a booklet authored by Donald Young and Benard Nolan.  

Obsidian is an app and an editor that uses a markdown language and produces documents that can be read on the internet.  Obsidian also uses links which makes it easy to navigate through the many individual files in the workbook.  Having this end of life document on the computer helps one enter the data, search specific data and update the data as life changes.

Note: I do not recommend that passwords be shown in this workbook because they can be read by anyone with access to this workbook.  Only the location of the password list should be given to the heirs or to the executor.

Here is the original front cover of the Young and Nolan "If I Should Die Before I Wake" workbook:
[[Book Cover.jpg]]

And here is the authors second page of the workshop:
[[Facing End of Life Issues.jpg]]


Here are the authors Table of Contents:
(Note: The Obsidian workbook uses Part numbers instead or Roman Numerals)
[[Table of Contents Page 1.jpg]]
[[Table of Contents Page 2.jpg]]

Here is the author's Introduction:
[[Introduction.jpg]]

Here is my transcription of the author's introduction
[[Transcription of Introduction]]

[[Part 1 Before I Sleep]]
[[Part 2 Notifications at My Death]]
[[Part 3 Final Funeral or Memorial Service]]
[[Part 4 Other People or Organizations to Notify]]
[[Part 5 Important Documents]]
[[Part 6 Insurance]]
[[Part 7 Bank Accounts and Financial Holdings]]
[[Part 8 Real Property]]
[[Part 9 Personal Property]]
[[Part 10  Passwords, Pins, User IDs, and Keys]]
[[Part 11 Files, Photos, and Family]]
[[Part 12 Income and Expenses]]
[[Part 13  Business Relationships]]
[[Part 14  Survivable Relationships]]
[[Part 15  Borrowed Materials]]
[[Part 16  Things Left Unsaid]]
[[Appendix 1 Overview of Obsidian]]
[[Appendix 2  How to Use a Template File to Create Data Files]]
